HtmlEditor: add Overview topic + small fixes (#5168)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/HtmlEditor/00 Getting Started with HtmlEditor/30 Work with Tables.md

---

[note]

> - The HtmlEditor tables are native HTML tables and use native features, therefore, the same limitations apply. For example, users cannot past multiline text in separate cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The HtmlEditor tables are native HTML tables that use native features; therefore, the same limitations apply. For example, users cannot past [past? did you mean pass?] multiline text in separate cells. [this last sentence doesn't make sense. How do you pass something in cells?]
```

---

> [note] The HtmlEditor tables are native HTML tables. They are not designed to add block elements to cells, users cannot past multiline text in separate cells, etc.

Reviewer 2: > **The** HtmlEditor **tables** are native HTML tables.

The definite article is related to "tables" here. However, this case is indefinite because we speak of HtmlEditor tables in general.

A question -- The fact that HtmlEditor tables are not designed to add block elements to cells, etc. -- is it a consequence of the fact that they are native HTML tables? If it is, we should probably make this clear.

**Upd.:** I already found an answer.

```suggestion
[note] HtmlEditor tables are native HTML tables. Therefore, the same limitations apply: tables do not support block elements in cells, users cannot past multiline text in separate cells, etc.
```
